# CS-360
The app I developed was a basic weight tracking app with customizable goals and a notification system. The app was designed to be a convenient and rewarding way to track bodyweight.
The app needed several screens for login, data display, data input and modification, as well as settings. I tried to keep the UI consistent in the sense that there is a consistent color scheme and button placement is standardized across all screens.
I started with the xml layout of the app and then developed the functional code in order to bring the layouts to life. In the future I would try not to let the xml layout get so far ahead of the functional code because there were several xml sections I had to redo in order to fit how the functionality ended up actually working.
The app was tested using the Android Studio emulator and debugging tool. The emulator is very helpful for catching quirks and testing functionality in a rapid way. It often revealed errors that were not identified during the build process.
Finding a way to implement the goal weight and SMS permissions settings was an aspect of the required functionality that challenged me. I ended up implementing an additional SQLite database that would hold the goal weight and notification preference. The app could then check for the existence of a goal and preference similar to the login method procedure.
I think the bet demonstration of my knowledge and skills is in the core CRUD functionality of the weight tracker app. There are a lot of moving pieces for that part of the app and all of the functionality was successful.
